I am an international student from Nepal and currently, I am pursuing my graduate-level education at Ohio University, Athens, OH, USA. I am from a country where we need to support my parents and take care of my younger brothers and sisters. As an international student, I have barely minimum compensation from the university. Also in comparison to other universities such as nearby Kent University, the stipend here is low and the cost of living is high. I have a huge amount of loan to pay back in my country where my parents invested in my study. Also, I need to take care of my ailing parents and they expect me to send money for their help. Our financial status is struggling and as a big brother in the family, they have huge expectations from me.

Here, in the USA, due to the COVID pandemic, the university has cut in budget and my advisor did not have a sufficient budget to support the graduate student the research assistantship. I am a 7th-year student and the university can not provide me teaching assistantship and my advisor does not have funding to support the research assistantship. So, I am supposed to register for the course on my own and pay for all the tuition and health-care insurance, and other expenses without any salary. For an international student, it's relatively difficult to find a job, and also the covid situation made things much worse for the overall market. I have taken a large number of machine learning and data science courses and have plans to join the industry job rather than going for a post-doc.

If I get this financial support, this will help me a lot for getting me a job. For the job sector, agile and Jira are highly used and I am highly unfamiliar with these tools. Many job openings have these requirements and this may increase my probability of getting a job. I am jobless and have a large financial burden. If I get the scholarship and financial support for this course I would be hugely thankful. I hope I will be able to pursue my career in the industry and this would be a great help.